homework.md, before:

 create a repository
 initalize the repository
 node_module,package.json,package-lock.json
 install express
 create a server
 listen to port777
 write request handlers for/test,/hello
 install nodemon and update scripts inside package.json
 what is the use of"g" while npm install
 difference between caret and lilde(^ vs~)


 initalize git
 gitignore
 create a remote repo on github
 push all code to remote origin
 play with routes and route extension ex./hello,/,hello/2/xyz
 order of the routes matter a lot
 install postman app and make a workspace/collection>test api call
 write logic to handle get,post ,patch,delete api calls and test them on postman
 explore routing and use of ?,+,(),* in the route
 use of regex in routes/a/ .*fly$/
 reading the querry params in the routes
reading the dynamic routes

multiple route handler-play with the code
next()
next function and error along with res.send()
app.use("/route",rH[rh2,rh3],rh4,rh5);
what is middleware? why do we need it?
how express js bassically handless require behind the sceness
difference app.use and app.all
write a dummy auth middleware for admin
write a dummy auth middleware for all routes,expect /user/login
error handling using app.use("/",(err,req,res,next));


create a free cluster on mongoDB official website(mongo atlas)
install mongoose library
connect your application to the database"connection-url"/dectinder
call the connectdb function and connect to database before starting application on7777
create user schema and user model

Commit message:

dynamic data in signup api

homework.md, after:

 create a repository
 initalize the repository
 node_module,package.json,package-lock.json
 install express
 create a server
 listen to port777
 write request handlers for/test,/hello
 install nodemon and update scripts inside package.json
 what is the use of"g" while npm install
 difference between caret and lilde(^ vs~)


 initalize git
 gitignore
 create a remote repo on github
 push all code to remote origin
 play with routes and route extension ex./hello,/,hello/2/xyz
 order of the routes matter a lot
 install postman app and make a workspace/collection>test api call
 write logic to handle get,post ,patch,delete api calls and test them on postman
 explore routing and use of ?,+,(),* in the route
 use of regex in routes/a/ .*fly$/
 reading the querry params in the routes
reading the dynamic routes

multiple route handler-play with the code
next()
next function and error along with res.send()
app.use("/route",rH[rh2,rh3],rh4,rh5);
what is middleware? why do we need it?
how express js bassically handless require behind the sceness
difference app.use and app.all
write a dummy auth middleware for admin
write a dummy auth middleware for all routes,expect /user/login
error handling using app.use("/",(err,req,res,next));


create a free cluster on mongoDB official website(mongo atlas)
install mongoose library
connect your application to the database"connection-url"/dectinder
call the connectdb function and connect to database before starting application on7777
create userschema and user model
create post/signup API to add data to database
push some documents using api calls from postman
 error handling using try,catch

 js object vs json(difference)
 add the express.json middleware to your app
 make your signup api dynamic to recive data from the end user
